1.)companents involved in test plan?
2.)smoke testing vs sanity testing
3.)difference between test cases and test scenario
4.) what will yo call the type of testing which helps one to know about the application
      Adaptability testing
5.)what is defuct leakage?
    defuct leakage is the matrize which helps to identify the efficency of the QA testing like how many defuts are missed and
    slipped during the qa testing
    Defuct leakage=(no of defuct found in UAT/no of defuct found By QA)
6.)what is incremantal model ?
7.) what is requirement traceability matrix?
8.) what are different testing model
    water model, v model, agile model, spiral model , iterative model, rad model
8.)how to execute a particular test method for 5 times?
    @Test(invocationCount =5)
    
9.) what is interface

  an interface in java is blueprint of a class it as static as constant and abstract method 
  interface as abstract method and variable but it cannot have method body
  
10.) what is abstract 
    abstract is process of hidding the implementation details and show only fnctionality to the user
  b.) what is abstract class?
      abstract class is the class that is declared abstract it may or maynot include abstract method abstract class cannot 
      be instanitiated but they can be subclass
      an abstract method is a method which is declared without implementation
    
11.) what is encapsulation?
      encapsulation in java is a process of wrapping the data and code together into a single unit for example a capsule which
      is mixed to several medicins
      we can also create a fully encapsulation class by making all the data members of the class to private now we can use
      getter and setter method to set and get the data in
      
12.)Advantage of sing testng over junit?
      there are three major advantages of testng over junit
      annotation are easier to understand
      test cases can be grouped more esily
      parllel testing is possiableil
13.) which are the various  keyboard action in selenium&how will you automate
      Action class is a ability provided by selenium for handling keyboard and mouse events
      sendKeys(), keyUp(), keydown(), Tab
      
14.) which are the various mouse action in selenium 
      doublClick(): perform double click on the element
      clickonHold(): perforn long click on the mouse without relising it
      dragAnddrop(): 
      moveToElement(): 
      contaxtclick(): right click

15.) how to handle alerts in selenium ?

      there is a method called dismiss(): this method is used click cancel in alert
      driver.switchTo().alert().dismiss();
      there is a another method called accept(): this method is used click ok in alert
      driver.switchTo().alert().accept();
      String getText(); this method is used to get text from alert box
      Webelemt element =driver.switchTo().alert();
      String gettxt = element.getText();
      element.sendkeys();
 16.) what is xpath?
      xpath is also called as xml path is query language for xml
      the can be effectivly used to identify and locate all the element on the page
     Absolute xpath : absolute xpath starts from root node from html document
     where Relative xpath does not starts froms root its starts from doble forword slash
     
17.)which xpath is beter?
      one major disadvantages of absolute xpath is that if there is any changes in any of the element on webpage,
      then xpath of any subsequent element will change
      
      
    
